yes especially monster today we're going
to do spicy sausage and huge eat
dumplings the meat quick simple
delicious and if you don't want this to
be me variety you can always have stupid
couple tofu if you don't want this to be
spicy you can just omit the red pepper
flakes but you can steam this Friday's
make this into soup and all those
different varieties to be post on my
blog the sushi master calm first thing
I'm going to gather up are my filling
ingredients in my big bowl here I just
have couple cups of finely minced kimchi
and some uncase natural sausage so that
without a few things that I add on top
directly on top of the sausage bison soy
sauce and my sesame oil
then I'm going to just for some burst of
fresh freshness some green onions some
garlic and some chai are some ginger
you could add chives as well full of red
pepper seeds let pepper flakes seeds at
home like how much depends on how spicy
you want it I'm gonna run it through my
palms just to release some of its oils
and add it into my sausage on top of my
sausage
so basically making a paste of sorts and
I just add one crack tonight and that'll
help find the fuel mixture together and
before I use it or scoop it up into my
wonton skins I'm going to put this whole
mixture this whole building into the
refrigerators move out whatever it's
just for everything to melt together or
to kind of firm up you can just gather
the edges like this and then crimp
basically I guess make like a free-form
blocks of sorts all four edges you
gather them together and just kind of
push the edges together just like this
to make the little three-dimensional
package of sorts so do whatever way
works for you there's like a thousand
ways to do this but just do whatever is
is easiest for you or what shape you
desire just have fun with it I have in
my little paw right here couple inches
of water and when you take the top off
you'll see that I put in elevated I
don't know what did you call this like a
mesh a bright Conger have no idea this
is cause but in order for the dumpling
not to stick in the water's debris below
but not touching this elevated
contraption I have some wax paper or
parchment that I would have looked down
and I'm going to start laying
my dumpling challenge and they're gonna
take about 15 to 20 minutes or so just
keep your eye on them and if you want
something you just cut into meat the
dipping sauce
I usually use this one or another one
and I'll post both on my blog I have
some soy sauce some dark smoky soy sauce
to that I'm gonna add in the juice of
one fresh orange just please do sit
there just bright and those bottles the
- soy sauce can have a good dark like
how to muddle change to it so just to
brighten it up a half-cent freshly
squeezed orange juice so that I'm gonna
add in some agave or honey whatever you
have or whatever you like or whatever's
on sale just there's a lot in there then
I have some sesame seeds and you also
use some green onions but I put all - I
definitely
you add that in there as well I'm
working on my last batch of dumplings
and this is what it looks like they'll
be kind of iridescent and kind of sheer
when they're ready and it takes about 15
to 20 minutes depending on how well
simmering your water is below and I have
been sitting on just a silicon mat and
virtually nothing sticks to this usually
do myself break I'm gonna take a
dumpling and it's been steamed
beautifully I feel like the texture of
it in the center its heart a little bit
it's got this birds
another brainwave geez chicken cheese
endlessly forgiving and versatile
remember that succulent spicy sausage
excuse me
it is such a truck it's just like a
popular media spiciness so delicious I
hope you guys do this Ajay this was the
solution monster now see I see